Document permissions for Teams agents across M365 (#2069)
MicrosoftDocs/entra-docs: docs/agent-id/grant-agent-access-microsoft-365.md

Teams Resource-Specific Consent (RSC) enables granular permission assignments for agents within Microsoft Teams. RSC allows you to grant permissions to an app or agent on a per-team basis, rather than at the tenant level. This approach is especially useful when you want to limit access to only the resources and data within specific teams. Such data includes channels, messages, or roster information, without granting broader organizational permissions. For more information, see [Resource-specific consent for your Teams app](/microsoftteams/platform/graph-api/rsc/resource-specific-consent).

> ### Permissions for Teams Agents Working Across M365 Channels

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Permissions for Teams agents that work across Microsoft 365 channels
```
